Alex is not sleeping
The system has been destoryed
init: service 'recovery' got signal 6
Rewrite the updater script with c++ and try again
Kernel version 4.x or 5.x or 6.x is too old, needed at least 7.x
Incorrect bootloader version, need at least 9
Insufficient storage space, Required: At least 1TB
The file is not compatible with your QCOMDEVICE
The installation package is corrupt
Cannot find Apple M1 SoC to apply zip.
Failed to look for /EFI/Microsoft/boot.efi
Device not rooted, root it with SuperSU.
Installation failed due to user skill failure
The zip is incompatible with the device's kernel
Internal flash type incompatible. Required: NVMe
Incorrect MD5/SHA1/SHA256/SHA512 checksum.
Your bootloader is unlocked. Please lock the bootloader before installing custom package.
The CPU is too slow, Required specs: At least above Intel Core i9-13980HX's specs.
Cancelled by the recovery: AI rules your device now.
Cannot flash this ROM, Permission denied.
In function flash_package, line 72: Error 130: Owner died (EOWNERDEAD)
The file is encrypted with ransomware.
Requires a newer version of TWRP Recovery, 4.1.0
Package signature verification failed. ERR_CERT_INVALID.
Failed due to an unknown error.
Not compatible with your device's screen resolution. Need at least 8K
This is a bomb not a zip
The zip is missing important bsod files.
Verification failed. BSOD is not enabled.
File name does not match the expected format: Expected .exe file extension.
Failed to lookup AndroidFW.kext
Unkown target partition file system: ext4
Package is missing important system binary, /system/bin/bomb.
Network not avaliable, turn on Wi-Fi
The device is running an unsupported firmware version: Android 4.4
The device is not jailbreaked properly
The file is incompatible with the flasher
Bootloop enabler not allowed
Unknown recovery ramdisk file system: rootfs, expected: APFS
Error 73127381273129831209
Virus detected. If you want to install a better virus, flash that zip again.
Knox 0x0, maybe you want Knox 0xF?
Try again in a few years
UFS corrupted
EMMC died. RIP!
Your device is not powered by snapdragon
Zip file size too small to unpack
LPDDR9X RAM needed
Exynos not supported
Battery corruption: Current percent: 2000%
YOUR COMMAND BLOCKED
YOUR COMMAND REJECTED
FDE is enabled on bootloader
Error 404: Error not found
Busy running gi comeback later
Flashing process said it is too shy to continue working
Was unable to bend to matrix
TWRP source code evolved to reject human
You need to start caring about me
Ate too much RAM on breakfast, none left
Syntax error: the updater-script and flasher too is a goddamn mess
Not feeling like flashing today, come back tomorrow
Flasher's face is too ugly it crashed the whole flashing procedure
Error 12: read only filesystem
Processor suicided due to heavy loading
TWRP died trying to understand your zipfile
Don't try again
CPU error: Im not available today, come back later.
Unable to locate success
No
Yesn't
I thought this was bash
Mad at YOURZIP
Hardware fail: no RAM detected... Wait how am i talking then
Failed to get WiFi HAL. Is service started? Are binder threads started and available?
Invalid user format
Device or resource busy: Knox and TWRP having a thermonuclear war
I don't want to.
You don't meet the minimal requirements for flashing: A working brain
MD5 checksum success! but still no kys
Failed too much times, locking the bootloader...
ZIP tried to format internal storage
No reason
Clean your hand first
I am better than this
You better stop
Try again (it will fail)
User must die
